not clearly left
but yellow latitude
beginning is according to the location
in this case, Shovkovsky
he stayed only
additional incentive to shoot
in this direction
in the other direction
here in different ways
this traffic signal is thus hardy
beauty
150 IC
I immediately apologize
with a question of time I chose speed
for that there is said
the town is obligatory
nest that crossed
thomas camera on balance sheets
why Ukrainian truth
and not only by passport
According to the document, if the same
three four thousand
now we already have
according to 200 thousand and the speed of those
show photo by
select photos and video recordings
according to close konstantin chmar
let's imagine
and you do not need citizens of Ukraine
I have not heard of including
15 minutes inspector 15 minutes what's wrong
quickly
all five minutes have passed
km h
man that is an explanation wrote
which one
the problem of this
we recorded yes
yet more than once
but don't rush the shows
fill out such a protocol sp and what are you
violated what I think there is and the whole
first article inspector 250 first
article he
they vahida appreciate work
one must understand what their land
to others
on what basis of success
as explained earlier
these are your words just
in the past year
but do not rush, that is, if
to correspond
and then when you leave make us up
protocol
can only words 1100 doctors drivers
refused signatures
34 min
talking to b
in connection with what this business is connected
classic
you have 6 protocols ok me too
with us, you want meticulously
externally thousand
at the same time
next two last 10 years
I warned him
I did not understand here
August 10
one year later
well ashore
after so much responsibility